Step outside
of yourself.
Make a connection
with another being.
Can we do this
another day?
We can do it now.
Focus.
Just throw the rock.
[ screeches, growling ]
[ screeches ]
I don't think
he wants to connect.
You're resisting.
He can sense it.
He can  sense  it?
What is he, like,
a padawan cat?
- [ screeches ]
- oh!
[ chuckles ]
you don't seem
to be getting this.
I get that this furball's
trying to kill me.
[ screeching ]
Give me your lightsaber,
and I'll make the connection.
- Excuse me?
- [ sighs ]
Sorry. I just don't see
the point of this.
The point is
that you're not alone.
You're connected to every
living thing in the universe.
But to discover that,
You have to let
your guard down.
You have to be willing
to attach to others.
[ meows ]
And what if I can't?
If you hang on
to your past,
If you always try
to protect yourself,
You'll never
be a jedi.
Then maybe
I'll never be a jedi.
Kid, whatever's
going on with you,
you need to spill it.
[ sighs ]
I'm sorry, kanan.
I don't mean
to wear you out.
Today's not a good day.
It's never a good day.
- Today?
- Empire day.
[ meows, growls ]
What are so many ties
doing out this far?
Nothing good. Come on.
Not unless we have to.
[ pilot ]
over here.
[ whimpers, grunts ]
[ whimpering ]
Tseebo.
What?
Nothing.
He's not the one.
[ whines ]
The imperial
holonet broadcast...
Should play here
at all times!
No one's requested it
for-- well, ever.
It's the law.
[ male voice ]
...Because today
is empire day,
Celebrating
the 15th anniversary
of the galaxy's salvation,
When our great
emperor palpatine
ended the clone wars...
And founded
our glorious empire.
On lothal, governor pryce
has commissioned a parade.
You heard the man!
Raise your cups to emperor--
Citizens, this is
senator-in-exile gall trayvis.
I bring more news the empire
doesn't want you to hear.
I urge you to boycott
all empire day celebrations...
To protest
the ongoing injustices
of the imperial regime.
- Shut this off!
- Can't.
It's the law.
We're done here.
[ male voice ]
so come see the parade and--
[ shuts down ]
Tie pilots on search patrols?
What's going on?
Imperials
have locked down the ports
and put destroyers in orbit.
It's a full planetary blockade.
They're after a rodian.
Just be glad they're not
after us for once.
With what we've got planned
for today's parade,
They'll be after us
again tomorrow.
Well, you're gonna have
to do it without me.
Where do you think
you're going?
I just need to be alone.
Today's brought back
some memories.
Why are they looking
for tseebo?
Ezra.
Mom?
[ sighs ]
Ezra.
Dad?
Ezra, we have to stand up
for people in need,
Especially those
in trouble with the empire.
Tseebo. I know where he is.
[ crowd cheering ]
♪♪ [ orchestra: Martial ]
Minister, I'm honored
governor pryce chose me
to organize this spectacle.
This is no spectacle,
commandant.
[ over speakers ]
citizens,
I am minister maketh tua.
Governor pryce
sends her regrets,
But she was invited to
coruscant to celebrate...
With emperor palpatine
himself!
Let's hear
some enthusiasm!
[ crowd applauding ]
[ gasps ]
Enjoy the celebration,
citizen.
Okay, let's start
the celebration.
Copy that.
Commencing festivities.
Lothal is just as important
to our empire...
As any world
in the galaxy.
And she wanted me
to show you why.
Citizens, I present you...
With the latest vessel
from lothal's imperial
shipyards,
The sienar systems
advanced tie starfighter!
Pretty, isn't it?
Yeah.
I almost feel bad
about blowing it up.
I sense we'll need
to make a quick exit.
And who better
to take this beauty
on her maiden voyage...
Than one of the best
imperial pilots on lothal--
Baron valen rudor.
Okay, when I say "now,"
throw this as high as you can.
[ beeping ]
Okay. Now?
- [ beeping faster ]
- now?
- [ rapid beeping ]
- Now.
- [ grunts ]
[ crowd cheering ]
Very good, commandant.
The governor
will be impressed.
Th-thank you, minister.
Another?
Don't mind if I do.
[ grunts ]
[ beeping ]
You there.
This area's off-limits.
Did you see it?
It's so beautiful!
All the colors!
It's like a--
like a rainbow.
Dad, what are you doing?
Sorry, mister.
My dad is just so patriotic,
you know.
Empire day!
I love it!
All hail
our glorious empire!
Right. Well, move along.
Thanks.
Where you been?
Making some connections.
- How's the plan going?
- Just watch.
[ rapid beeping ]
- [ crowd screaming ]
- yeah!
Who is responsible
for this?
- Find them!
- [ laughs ]
Nice of you
to join us, kid.
Hey, where were you?
Why?
Did you miss me?
[ zeb ] yeah, right.
[ crowd shouting ]
Been spoilin' to finish things
with agent kallus.
Hey, if you want
to take somebody out,
take out that guy!
[ groans ]
fine.
Spectre-2, we're en route
to the rendezvous.
[ hera ]
negative, spectre-1.
The streets are blocked.
I cannot-- repeat--
cannot reach rendezvous.
I know a place we can hole up
till things calm down.
But "shoulders" here might have
a problem taking my route.
Then we need
another option.
Nah, it's fine.
Spectre-2,
can you make it
to the old market?
[ hera ]
affirmative.
I'm on my way.
Get back to the  ghost.
Follow me.
We'll signal a new rendezvous
when we can!
Over here!
I want schematics of
the city's ventilation systems,
sewers, everything.
Lock down the entire city.
[ commandant ]
sir, yes, sir!
These rebels
have ruined empire day!
They must be punished!
We all want that,
minister,
But our priority
is still the rodian.
That's an imperial warning
declaring this building
off-limits.
What is this place?
[ beeping ]
You were coming here today.
This was your home, wasn't it,
where you grew up?
I grew up on the streets,
alone.
Then why here?
Why now?
Had this feeling.
- [ gasps ]
- [ crying ]
Tseebo. Tseebo,
it's me, ezra bridger.
[ crying stops ]
[ electronic chirping ]
[ speaking huttese ]
That's the rodian
the imperials are hunting.
You know him?
Name's tseebo.
A friend of my parents.
But something's wrong.
What's that thing on his head?
Empire's been known...
To implant
lower level technicians
with cybernetic circuits.
Personality sacrificed
for productivity.
Tseebo's productivity
is 19% higher...
Than average
imperial data worker.
Tseebo went to work
for the imperial
information office...
After the empire
took my parents away.
Your parents?
You... Never told us.
What's to tell?
They've been gone
for eight years.
I've been on my own
since I was seven.
Seven imperial--
[ speaking huttese ]
What's he saying?
He's detailing
imperial fighter
deployments on lothal.
That's it.
Tseebo has intel the empire
doesn't want getting out.
- Sabine, can you access it?
- Uh, think so.
I need a few minutes.
Ezra. You okay?
I'm fine.
I told you,
sometimes you have to
let your guard down.
I said I'm fine.
Ezra bridger.
Son of ephraim
and mira bridger.
Born 15 years ago today.
Oh. Empire day.
It's ezra's
birthday.
[ tseebo's voice ]
the risk you bridgers take.
Tseebo say you must
think of your son.
[ ephraim's voice ]
he's all we think about!
We're teaching ezra
to stand up for people in need.
[ mira's voice ]
we're fighting for
our son's freedom.
[ tseebo ]
tseebo not fight battle
tseebo know cannot be won.
Neither should bridgers.
[ sabine ]
you'll want to see this.
[ gasps, sighs ]
What's with the old disk?
My folks used to do
underground broadcasts
from here,
Speaking out
against the empire.
It's probably
just one of them.
[ electronic chirping ]
[ babbling ]
What are we looking at?
It's--
[ exhales ]
Well, it's everything.
Imperial specs on the new ties
and new t-8 disruptors.
Schedules of troop movements,
tactics and strategies.
Half of it's encrypted,
but it looks like...
There's a five-year plan
for lothal...
And every other world
in the outer rim.
[ groans ]
No wonder his brain's
shorting out.
All that data'd
overload anyone.
The secrets in his head
must be damaging
to the empire.
We'll need to
smuggle him off lothal.
Gotta smuggle him
out of town first.
You know
the only reason the imperials
haven't caught him yet...
Is because their forces
were occupied
with empire day.
But the day's
almost done.
[ sabine, ezra groan ]
Tear open every rathole
in the sector.
Find that rodian.
[ groans ]
I miss zeb.
What?
Come on, tseebo.
Move it.
[ speaking huttese ]
shh!
[ groans ]
[ kallus ]
commandant aresko.
An imperial troop transport
has been reported stolen
from the lower city.
I'm on my way,
but do not let it pass.
Acknowledged.
We're ready.
Positions!
That's far enough,
rebel scum.
I have no plans
on stopping.
That's good to know!
Stop!
Punch it!
Fire!
Stop, I said!
I-I said stop!
[ laughing ]
This is agent kallus, isb-021,
calling the inquisitor.
The rebels
are through the main gate
and headed south.
Their ship
will be waiting.
Slow them down.
We're on our way.
[ rapid beeping ]
The rodian!
[ grunting ]
Get me closer.
Remember me?
Spectre-5 to  ghost.
We're coming in hot.
Can see that.
You got company upstairs.
Take them down!
Shields holding,
but I need that transport
taken out.
- Chopper, you got this?
- [ droid language ]
[ exclaims ]
[ happy chirping ]
[ grunts ]
[ zeb ]
okay, you're all clear.
Pull over, and we'll--
[ hera ]
belay that.
Have to be a scoop job.
Sensors reading multiple ties
incoming.
Tie fighters will begin
mass-production on lothal
within the next six weeks.
You're just full
of fun facts.
[ grunts ]
You ready?
Yeah.
Autopilot's engaged.
This thing'll run
till it's out of fuel.
Get in!
[ grunts ]
[ shouts ]
Go! Go!
Kallus to inquisitor.
The rodian tseebo is confirmed
aboard the rebel vessel.
Acknowledged.
Ties, assume attack formation.
Fire at will.
I need my gunners.
Shields won't hold long
under this barrage.
- Almost there.
- [ droid language ]
[ beeping ]
[ shrieks ]
[ grunts ] karabast!
That came from behind!
Is that scrap heap
even payin' attention?
I have to man
the nose guns.
I'm coming with.
[ grunts, groans ]
[ groans ]
Ezra? Ezra bridger.
- [ gasps ]
- [ huttese ]
it is you!
Yeah, tseebo. It's me.
But now's not the best time
for a reunion.
Ezra bridger--
[ huttese ]
- What's he saying?
- He says--
He says he knows what happened
to your parents.